---
title: "What an electrifying budget!"
header_headline: " ?"
header_subheadline: ""
brief: "Budget23"
weight: 1 
date: 2023-05-12
author: "SuburbZeroACT team"
header_menu: true
---  
 
 


 {{< container >}}
{{< column >}}
 
   
The time is right for a Suburb Zero ACT pilot!! <br> <br>

Let's raise our voices for it!  <br> <br>

<em>How? </em><br> 
&emsp;&emsp; By filling in the {{< rawhtml >}}  <a href="https://surveymonkey.com/r/electrifyACT"><button  >Survey{{<ico notebook>}}</button></a>    {{< /rawhtml >}}  of course!<br> <br>

On a side note, team sparky Bobby, has made an impassioned plea for a Florey trial, based on the postcode. ACT could have Electrify2615! <br> 
&emsp;&emsp; <em>---Nice try Bobby, nice try. </em><br> <br>

<h6>Did you follow the budget tonight? </h6><br> <br>

&emsp;&emsp;<em>First time ever that electrification has made a federal budget!</em> <br>  

<q>Electrification is critical to achieving emissions reductions & lowering energy costs for households & businesses</q>
<br><br>&emsp;&emsp;(Budget paper 2023-24) <br><br>&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;&emsp;- <b>yes!</b>
{{< /column >}}
{{% column %}}
##### What was announced?

Households and businesses:
$1.6 billion in new spending which will reduce cost of living pressures and cut greenhouse emissions, which includes:

- $300 million for electrification and energy performance upgrades for social housing

- $1 billion in new fundi ng for the Clean Energy Finance Corporation to offer solar, storage and electric upgrade finance for low-income households and small businesses

- $310m in tax deductions for small businesses that invest in renewable energy and energy efficiency measures known as the Small Business Energy Incentive

##### Electric vehicles:
- Australia's first National Electric Vehicle Strategy which includes $7.4 million to support the introduction of a Fuel Efficiency Standard.

##### Well done everyone for helping build the electrification momentum :)   
   {{% /column %}}
{{< /container >}}
 
