---
title: "Electrify Canberra Forum	"
header_headline: "ELECTRIFY CANBERRA FORUM"
header_subheadline: ""
brief: " Electrify Canberra Forum"
weight: 1 
header_menu: false
---  
 
* [RSVP March 23, 2023 at 6:00pm - 9pm.](https://www.eventbrite.com.au/e/suburb-zero-act-launch-tickets-601031119257) 	
 
  
  {{< embed-pdf url="Forum 21st april.pdf" hidePaginator="true"   renderPageNum="5">}}
 
Senator David Pocock hosts Saul Griffith, inventor and author, to discuss how to help Canberrans electrify their households, saving money and the climate.

# Suburb Zero is coming to the Australian Capital Territory!
Following the approach of 'Electrify 2515', inventor and author Saul Griffith's home suburb in northern Illawarra, the ACT will be trialing a pilot project to demonstrate electrification of an existing suburb.
The yet-to-be-chosen Canberra suburb will have its own set of unique challenges and will include multi-occupant dwellings, social housing and stand-alone residences.
The trial seeks to test solutions to the social, technological, regulatory and economic challenges associated with rapid decarbonisation of existing housing and apartments. The pilot also seeks to demonstrate full, retro-fitted, electrification of large, complex buildings, cold climate electrification and smart technology integration.
Join ACT Senator David Pocock, inventor and author Saul Griffith and a panel of local energy experts as we discuss this initiative and the ideas behind it.
Agenda
5.30 pm - Refreshments
6 pm - Welcome and introduction by Professor Lachlan Blackhall, Head, Battery Storage and Grid Integration Program, Australian National University
6.05 pm - Senator David Pocock, and inventor and author Saul Griffith in conversation
6.35 pm - Panel discussion moderated by Lachlan Blackhall. Panel members:
ACT Senator David Pocock
Saul Griffith, inventor and author
Sarah Reid, SuburbZero ACT community volunteer
Jon Sibley, Director with energy consultancy, enX
ANU social scientist TBC.
7.05 pm - Q&A
7.30 pm - Close


