	---
title: "Q11. When will the pilot start?"
brief: "faq 11"
weight: 11
header_menu: true
--- 

 
 We would like to select a pilot community in the mid-late 2023 and begin rollout in mid 2024.  
   
**2022 - 2025: Pilots to showcase the technology**
   
Canberra is the place to make electrification happen first. We have the institutions, technology and successful love affair with rooftop solar. But we also need to show people how it works and iron out any issues before we move towards the mass electrification of the country. World-first pilots that electrify entire communities will provide an opportunity to demonstrate how the technologies fit together to deliver cheaper energy and transport for households while not creating any issues for grid security.  
     
**2022 - 2030: Subsidies to bring down costs and scale up the industry** 
     
The cost of electrifying homes is and will continue to drop as renewable industries grow, but the scale of mass electrification means we need to accelerate cost reductions and scale up Australia's electrification industry. The Federal Government must invest in early commercial deployment of the products and technology needed to electrify homes.
      
Over the 2020s,  $12 billion of federal government funding is all that is needed to turbocharge all 11 million Australian households to make the switch to solar energy and storage for homes and vehicles, regardless of their postcode or financial constraints. By around 2026, electrification will be commercially driven and not require subsidies for most homes.  
      
While  $12 billion sounds like a lot, it equates to less than 10% of COVID stimulus spending and far less than current fossil fuel subsidies. Almost half of this money could be captured by uncommitted funds from the Clean Energy Finance Corporation.  
